doc(inline): improve recursive example (#8235)
lampepfl/dotty: docs/docs/reference/metaprogramming/inline.md

```

Parameters of inline methods can have an `inline` modifier as well. This means
that actual arguments to these parameters will be inlined in the body of the 
`inline def`. `inline` parameters have call semantics equivalent to by-name parameters 

> but allow for duplication of the code in the argument. It is usualy useful constant 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but allow for duplication of the code in the argument. It is usually useful when constant 
```

values need to be propagated to allow further optimizations/reductions.

The following example shows the difference in translation between by-value, by-name and `inline`
parameters:

```scala

> inline def specialSum(a: Int, b: =>Int, inline c: Int) =

Reviewer: We can do something even more meaningful. I propose the following snippets:
```scala
inline def funkyAssertEquals(actual: Double, expected: =>Double, inline delta: Double): Unit =
  if (actual - expected).abs > delta then
    throw new AssertionError(s"difference between ${expected} and ${actual} was larger than ${delta}")
```

```scala
funkyAssertEquals(computeActual(), computeExpected(), computeDelta())
// translates to
//
//    val actual = computeActual()
//    def expected = computeExpected()
//    if (actual - expected).abs > computeDelta() then
//      throw new AssertionError(s"difference between ${expected} and ${actual} was larger than ${computeDelta()}")
```

Note: by-name parameters do get a `def`
